README.md, before:

# PEAS

python-based educational autopilot system

## DONE

- merged test.cpp into air.cpp, so we can include our own estimator and controller.
- replaced individual vectors with one large vector in shared memory that can be accessed by both C++ and Python.
- started a config.json file to define the indices for the shared memory.
- created Makefile for compiling.

## TODO

- add IMU calibration as a separate routine and configure air.cpp to reference the calibration profile and recommend a new calibration if out of date.
- add support for MPU and look into generalizing IMU reads.
- add our own estimator and controller to air.cpp and figure out how we want to log results.
- create a test.py skeleton and sync it with air.cpp using a launch script.
- figure out better ways to protect our code from goons.
- add more customization options to config file.
- maybe break up air.cpp into multiple files to allow more flexibility?
- add some preflight checks and warn the user if anything in the config file might be a problem.

## SETUP / DEPENDENCIES

- install JSONCPP on Navio so that C++ can read config file. `sudo apt-get install libjsoncpp-dev`
- install Python IPC package on Navio so that Python side can access the shared memory vector. `pip3 install sysv_ipc`
- i modified some of the files in the Navio2 folder to get the GPS to work properly, so we can no longer include it as a submodule from Emlid.

## COMPILE / RUN

- `make clean`
- `make`
- `./air`
- `python3 shared_test.py` to test reading shared vector.

Commit message:

added mpu9250 and reformatted source code.

README.md, after:

# PEAS

python-based educational autopilot system

## DONE

- merged test.cpp into air.cpp, so we can include our own estimator and controller.
- replaced individual vectors with one large vector in shared memory that can be accessed by both C++ and Python.
- started a config.json file to define the indices for the shared memory.
- created Makefile for compiling.
- added MPU9250 to imu loop, allowing data from both IMUs to be available in the y vector.

## TODO

- add IMU calibration as a separate routine and configure air.cpp to use the profile and recommend new calibration if outdated.
- add our own estimator and controller to air.cpp and figure out how we want to log results.
- create a test.py skeleton and sync it with air.cpp using a launch script.
- figure out better ways to protect our code from goons.
- add more customization options to config file, such as ability to select IMU or which estimator to use.
- maybe break up air.cpp into multiple files to allow more flexibility?
- add some preflight checks and warn the user if anything in the config file might be a problem.

## SETUP / DEPENDENCIES

- install JSONCPP on Navio so that C++ can read config file. `sudo apt-get install libjsoncpp-dev`
- install Python IPC package on Navio so that Python side can access the shared memory vector. `pip3 install sysv_ipc`
- i modified some of the files in the Navio2 folder to get the GPS to work properly, so we can no longer include it as a submodule from Emlid.

## COMPILE / RUN

- `make clean`
- `make`
- `./air`
- `python3 shared_test.py` to test reading shared vector.
